Migrate Hello Multiply to Factors example (#159)
risc0/website: docs/examples/password_checker.md

We'll take the perspective of Bob's Identity Service, which needs to set up authentication credentials for Alice. By the time you're finished reading this explanation, you should be able to broadly identify how Alice and Bob are relying on the RISC Zero zkVM.

### Fine Print (Or: Please Don't Use This In Production)

For those looking to implement their own password solutions: we do not present a complete implementation of a password validity checking program, nor is our example one that follows [guidelines recommended by NIST](https://pages.nist.gov/800-63-FAQ/#q-b06), which caution "against the use of composition rules (e.g., requiring lower-case, upper-case, digits, and/or special characters) for memorized secrets". Bob's Identity Service should responsibly further process Alice's resulting SHA256 salted password hash using a KDF such as scrypt before storing it in a database. This example has also not supplied the mechanism by which Alice confirms she is the actor responsible for generating her new password. <b>Our purpose here is simply to illustrate the power of sharing the results of private computations.</b>

> While the general concepts discussed in this article should persist across versions, our API is undergoing many changes prior to our 1.0 release, and so the details may be version-specific. This article was last updated for [v0.14](https://github.com/risc0/risc0/releases/tag/v0.14.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the general concepts discussed in this article should persist across versions, our API is undergoing many changes prior to our 1.0 release, so some details here may be version-specific. This article was last updated for [v0.14](https://github.com/risc0/risc0/releases/tag/v0.14.0).
```

Reviewer: Very minor, suggesting this to help folks track which context the details are in (API vs article)
